tls: enable the selection of more TLS settings (#1695)
prometheus/node_exporter: https/README.md

  # Certificate and key files for server to use to authenticate to client.
  cert_file: <filename>
  key_file: <filename>

  # Server policy for client authentication. Maps to ClientAuth Policies.
  # For more detail on clientAuth options: [ClientAuthType](https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#ClientAuthType)
  [ client_auth_type: <string> | default = "NoClientCert" ]

  # CA certificate for client certificate authentication to the server.
  [ client_ca_file: <filename> ]

  # Minimum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ min_version: <string> | default = "TLS12" ]

  # Maximum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ max_version: <string> | default = "TLS13" ]

  # List of supported cipher suites for TLS versions up to TLS 1.2. If empty,
  # Go default cipher suites are used. Available cipher suites are documented
  # in the go documentation:
  # https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#pkg-constants
  [ cipher_suites:
    [ - <string> ] ]

  # Elliptic curves that will be used in an ECDHE handshake, in preference
  # order. Available curves are documented in the go documentation:
  # https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#CurveID
  [ curve_preferences:
    [ - <string> ] ]

http_server_config:

>   # Disable HTTP/2 support. Note that HTTP/2 is only supported with TLS.
>   # This can not be changed on the fly.
>   [ disable_http2: <bool> | default = false ]

Reviewer: I prefer positive flag defauls.

```suggestion
  # Enable HTTP/2 support. Note that HTTP/2 is only supported with TLS.
  # This can not be changed on the fly.
  [ http2: <bool> | default = true ]
```

Author: done :)

```
tls_config:
  # Certificate and key files for server to use to authenticate to client.
  cert_file: <filename>
  key_file: <filename>

  # Server policy for client authentication. Maps to ClientAuth Policies.
  # For more detail on clientAuth options: [ClientAuthType](https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#ClientAuthType)
  [ client_auth_type: <string> | default = "NoClientCert" ]

  # CA certificate for client certificate authentication to the server.
  [ client_ca_file: <filename> ]

  # Minimum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ min_version: <string> | default = "TLS1.2" ]

  # Maximum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ max_version: <string> | default = "TLS1.3" ]

  # List of supported cipher suites for TLS versions up to TLS 1.2. If empty,
  # Go default cipher suites are used. Available cipher suites are documented
  # below.
  [ cipher_suites:
    - <string> ] ]

  # Disable HTTP/2 support. This can not be toggled on the fly.

>   [ disable_http2: <bool> | default = false ]

Reviewer 2: We might using this configuration for things that aren't http over in the alertmanager, so it would be best not to mix http and tls in the same config section.

Author: done

  # prefer_server_cipher_suites controls whether the server selects the
  # client's most preferred ciphersuite, or the server's most preferred
  # ciphersuite. If true then the server's preference, as expressed in
  # the order of elements in CipherSuites, is used.
  [ prefer_server_cipher_suites: <bool> | default = false ]

  # session_tickets_disabled may be set to true to disable session ticket and
  # PSK (resumption) support.
  [ session_tickets_disabled: <bool> | default = false ]

  # Elliptic curves that will be used in an ECDHE handshake, in preference
  # order. Available supported groups are documented below.

>   [ supported_groups:

Reviewer 2: This naming is confusing, we should follow the names of the Go fields as far as possible.

```

> tls_config:

Reviewer 2: Thinking on it overnight, I think this should be tls_server_config. We already have a tls_config in multiple binaries for the client side.

Author: I was thinking the same. Updated.

  # Minimum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ min_version: <string> | default = "TLS12" ]

  # Maximum TLS version that is acceptable.
  [ max_version: <string> | default = "TLS13" ]

  # List of supported cipher suites for TLS versions up to TLS 1.2. If empty,
  # Go default cipher suites are used. Available cipher suites are documented
  # in the go documentation:
  # https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#pkg-constants
  [ cipher_suites:
    [ - <string> ] ]

  # prefer_server_cipher_suites controls whether the server selects the
  # client's most preferred ciphersuite, or the server's most preferred
  # ciphersuite. If true then the server's preference, as expressed in
  # the order of elements in CipherSuites, is used.
  [ prefer_server_cipher_suites: <bool> | default = false ]

  # session_tickets_disabled may be set to true to disable session ticket and
  # PSK (resumption) support.
  [ session_tickets_disabled: <bool> | default = false ]

  # Elliptic curves that will be used in an ECDHE handshake, in preference
  # order. Available curves are documented in the go documentation:
  # https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/tls/#CurveID
  [ curve_preferences:
    [ - <string> ] ]

> http_config:

Author: renamed to http_server_config

>   # Disable HTTP/2 support. HTTP is always disabled in HTTP. This can not be

Author: Fixed the comment

Depending on the machine, a cost of 10 will take about ~70ms where a cost of
18 can take up to a few seconds. That hash will be computed on every
password-protected request.

> ## Available cipher suites

Reviewer 2: I'd much prefer we point to the Go docs rather than duplicating this, it's one less thing to maintain.

Author: done

List of available cipher suites for TLS up to 1.2 (we only permit
ciphersuites marked by go as 'secure'):

- TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA
- TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA
- TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA
- TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
- TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
- TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA
- TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA
- TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
- TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
- TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256
- TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256

> List of available cipher suites for TLS 1.3 (TLS 1.3 ciphersuites are not

Reviewer 2: If it's not configurable, why are we mentioning it?

Author: removed

configurable):

- TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256
- TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384
- TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256

> ## Available supported groups

Reviewer 2: This is a confusing heading, and once again Go docs would be better to point to.

Author: removed
